Hello welcome back.
And now let's define the rewards.
So by defining the rewards we have to define a reward function that will take as input a couple of two
elements the input state and the output action.
And then of course it will return the reward that the AI gets when playing the action a status and here
since we have a finite number of states and a finite number of actions which are actually the same numbers.
While the best way to define that function is through this matrix where each of the rows here corresponds
to the input state and each of the columns here correspond to the action that can be played.
And then in each of the cells here we'll get either a zero or a one will get a 1.
If we can play the action of this column here when being in the state of this row here.
So for example here we are in the second row corresponding to the State beat and in the column five
corresponding to the action that leads to location f.
Well let's see when being in location B we can go to F..
Indeed because it's a neighbor location and therefore here in a specific cell we'll get one because
we can go to location EF 1 being in location B.
But then for example let's take this cell the cell corresponds to the situation where we are in location
B and we want to go to locations.
Well let's see again when being in location B We cannot go directly to location G because we have to
go to see first and therefore we can not play an action that will lead us from location to location.
And therefore in this specific cell here we'll get a zero.
So that's how we're going to populate our matrix of words in the first place.
That is that's how we are going to initialize it.
And then you'll see as a second step will give a high reward in the cell where we want our ultimate
wherehouse robot to go.
And I remind that this is the location.
Because this is a location that has the top priority ranking with the highest priority of product delivery.
And so you'll see in the end after initializing our matrix of reward we'll put a huge reward here in
the cell Jiji but that will be in second step.
So first let's populate our matrix of words row by row.
And let's start with the first row.
So the first line correspond to state a.
And if we go back to our warehouse we can see that one being in a state a the only location that we
can reach is location B and therefore the only possible action that we can play when being in the state
A is the action that leads to state B and therefore that's the action one because according to our mapping
B corresponds to 1.
So in the first row of the matrix you will only have a 1 for location B and zero otherwise.
And now let's populate the second row of our matrix.
That is the row corresponding to stay B that is corresponding to the situation where our outer warehouse
robot is B.
And so when being in location B are Adnams warehouse robot can only go to location a location see location.
So we'll only get to one for these three locations location Achor response to index zero location Siegrist
plans to index to any location corresponds to index 0 0 1 2 3 4 and 5.
And therefore in the second row of our matrix A reward will only get a 1 for the first column.
The third column and the Sixth Column of index file.
Let's check it out.
Indeed we only get a 1 for a on the one for C and only one for F and the other locations have zeroes.
Great.
Now let's do it one last time again with row 3 corresponding to location C.
So if we go back to our warehouse.
Well when being in the input state see is when our other members were house robot is in location see.
Well it can only go to location B or location location B has index 1 because the indexes start from
zero and location G has index 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 index 6.
And therefore as you can see will only yellow ones for location B or location G and the other locations
have zeroes.
And that's how we populate our matrix of rewards.
And therefore you can do the other rows yourself which you'll get in the end is the following matrix
of rewards.
So you can check it out by yourself.
I hope I don't make any mistakes because I actually did it manually at first but that's our final matrix
of reward initialized only initialized and you'll see to train the robot to go to a specific location
that is the top priority location which I remind is location Well what will have to do is attribute
a high reward to locations in the sale G.G. and that is why at some point in the implementation we will
see that we'll populate the matrix of reward with 1000 specific cell here of Rogie and Collinge by only
specifying that our crew learning model will find the optimal route from wherever we start to know whether
we start from location A B C D and actually we'll start from location.
In the case study we'll from wherever we start we'll be able to find the optimal route to go to the
temporary location location.
All right.
And here we go.
We are done with the first part of our plan of attack.
That is the first part of the case study find funding the environment.
That's a fundamental part that has to be done any time here.
It was actually simple we were done with the first case study but you will see that the funding environment
can be much more complex as you will see in case study number two.
But first we have to warm up.
That's why we're starting with this pretty simple environment.
But keep in mind that what we're doing here is actually applicable to lots and lots of business problems
even with this simplicity that's why it's really important that you assimilate all this.
All right now we're going to move on to the second part where you'll study the intuition and the theory
of the solution we're going to build.
That is a cool learning model and you will see that with curial with his amazing intuition lectures.
And again I remind that you also have a notebook where you will find exactly the same the intuition
actually explained by myself and this theory with all the mathematical details including all the mathematical
details of the cure.
And tomorrow you will find that in the so whatever you prefer.
What's the intuition lectures.
Read the book or do both.
That's according to your preferred way of study.
All right so enjoy the second part and I will see you back again for part three.
The implementation in Python.